#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asgiref==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
astroid==3.3.11
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
code-annotations==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
coverage[toml]==7.10.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==46.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwt
dill==0.4.0
    # via pylint
django==4.2.24
    # via
    #   -c https:/raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-simple-history
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-organizations
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-organizations
django-object-actions==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-simple-history==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-organizations
django-waffle==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-organizations
dnspython==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pymongo
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-django-utils==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-drf-extensions==10.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-organizations
edx-lint==5.6.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
edx-opaque-keys==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-organizations
edx-organizations==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
factory-boy==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
faker==37.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   factory-boy
freezegun==1.5.5
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-organizations
platformdirs==4.4.0
    # via pylint
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
psutil==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycodestyle==2.14.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pycparser==2.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pylint==3.3.8
    # via
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.6.1
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.9.0
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==4.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==8.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   freezegun
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==3.0.1
    # via pydocstyle
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via pylint
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   faker
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
